[Music]
my name is Mars planet Mars sister to
earth baptized after the God of War in
homage to my red complexion yet I exist
a shadow or floating dust and nothing
nothing blooms in my barren body no
water settles air where dust
swells and floats crimson and grimy
I am desert and hazy skies San and
thin-skinned ravaged by the vengeful Sun
my craggy grimy surface yields no
fertile bouncy yay I am now ill-fated
and hard lot yet there was a time when
vast oceans rippled on the opaque skies
my air was fresh with clean air and sea
breeze a time when my sister earth
plundered and it was I who was beautiful
bountiful and blue until meteoroids and
asteroids heavy bombardment flooded
water into my soil where it lay dormant
until boiled and baked my moist just
sucked dry by a ravaging Sun and so we
were reborn I died while my sister earth
thrives yay trace the surface of my soil
you will see the old days shadows in
craters that hell lakes and waterfalls
you will know you will know that I was
born then I died
[Music]